Add extend docs (#383)
legend-exp/remage: docs/manual/extend.md

# add_executable(myapp ...)
target_link_libraries(myapp PRIVATE RMG::remage)
```

## Forwarding arguments

The {cpp:class}`RMGManager` is crucial for any of your code to extend _remage_.
You can access it via

```c++
#include "RMGManager.hh"
/*...*/
RMGManager manager("myapp", argc, argv);
```

Using the {cpp:class}`RMGManager` you can forward the properties that you
otherwise would have forwarded through CLI arguments:

```c++
manager.IncludeMacroFile(macroName);
manager.SetInteractive(true);
manager.SetOutputFileName(outputfilename);
manager.SetNumberOfThreads(nthreads);
manager.SetOutputOverwriteFiles(overwrite);
```

For all of the possible options check the public functions of the
{cpp:class}`RMGManager`.

## Registering custom classes

> To register your own custom C++ classes to _remage_ you can use pre-defined
> methods of _remage_. They are distributed in two places: as class methods of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To register your own custom C++ classes within _remage_ you can use some pre-defined
methods. They are distributed in two places: as class methods of
```

either {cpp:class}`RMGManager` or {cpp:class}`RMGUserInit`.

```c++
manager.SetUserInit(new MyGeometry());
manager.SetUserInit(new MyPhysicsList());
```

The `SetUserInit()` method supports a detector geometry inheriting from

> {cpp:class}`RMGHardware`, a runmanager inheriting from `G4RunManager`, a
> vismanager inheriting from `G4VisManager` and a custom physics list inheriting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{cpp:class}`RMGHardware`, a run manager inheriting from `G4RunManager`, a
visualization manager inheriting from `G4VisManager` and a custom physics list inheriting
```

If you want to register more custom classes, you will have to use the
{cpp:class}`RMGUserInit` class. Access it with
`auto user_init = RMGManager::Instance()->GetUserInit();`. The obtained instance
now lets you register more custom classes that can customize the simulation flow
more than macro commands:

```c++
user_init->AddSteppingAction<T>(/*...*/);
user_init->AddTrackingAction<T>(/*...*/);
user_init->SetUserGenerator<T>(/*...*/);
user_init->AddOutputScheme<T>(/*...*/);
user_init->AddOptionalOutputScheme<T>("name", /*...*/);
user_init->ActivateOptionalOutputScheme("name");
```

Where you replace `T` with the name of your class and `/*...*/` with the
arguments your class constructor would take when doing `new T(/*...*/)`. Your
stepping action should inherit from `G4UserSteppingAction`, the tracking action
from `G4UserTrackingAction`, the generator from {cpp:class}`RMGVGenerator` and
your custom output scheme from {cpp:class}`RMGVOutputScheme`. For more info
about {cpp:class}`RMGUserInit` check the API docs.

## Starting the run

After setting up your C++ code and classes, you will have to start _remage_. You
do that with

```c++
manager.Initialize();
manager.Run();
```

> This means after `manager.Run()` you can add more custom C++ code that you wish

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means after {cpp:func}`G4RunManager::Run` you can add more custom C++ code that you wish
```

Reviewer 2: breathe does not support references to tagfiles? see #309

Author: Also to directly link to the G4RunManager would be a little bit much? As this is talking about the `RMGManager`, (which in the end calls the G4RunManager, but for tutorial purposes i would just stick with the `RMGManager::run`?)

Reviewer: Sorry, I meant RMGManager, not G4Manager

> This means after {cpp:func}`RMGManager::Run` you can add more custom C++ code

Reviewer 2: ah, I looked into it again. this is slightly weirdly named: The RMGManager::Run does not call G4RunManager::Run

and RMGManager::Initialize() does not call G4RunManager::Initialize()

In the current architecture macro files are _required_ as those are actually calling these via `/run/initialize` and `/run/beamOn`

Reviewer 2: yes.
* `RMGManager::Initialize` sets up physics list _instances_ etc. (-> this registers the messenger commands for them etc)
* `RMGManager::Run` executes macro or interactive session

* `G4RunManager::Initialize()` or `/run/initialize` then actually intiailizes the processes, geometry etc.
* And `/run/beamOn` _actually_ starts the run.
